# bread-and-circuses
This app provides the electronic fixed-media soundtrack necessary for live performance of composer Josh Trentadue's saxophone quartet "Bread and Circuses".

JOSH TRENTADUE (b. 1994) is a Michigan-born composer and a strong advocate of new music. He is inspired by an eclectic range of genres including rock-and-roll, jazz, film scores, and concert music. He holds a Bachelor's Degree in Music Composition from Michigan State University and has studied with David Biedenbender, Jere Hutcheson, and Zhou Tian. He is currently pursuing his Master's Degree in Film Scoring and Multimedia Composition at New York University and has studied with Ira Newborn and Irwin Fisch. Trentadue's music has been premiered and performed across the midwest regions of the United States, including the 2017 PASIC convention in Indianapolis and the 2015 North American Saxophone Alliance convention in Illinois. In addition, he has also composed for electronic and visual media, beginning with his debut album Neon Revolution. Trentadue was a selected winner of both the 2015 and 2017 MSU Large Ensemble Composition Competitions and was given the opportunity to write several new works for the college's Campus Band and Concert Orchestra. Trentadue is a member of ASCAP, the American Composers Forum, and the Percussive Arts Society. In addition, he is also a founding member of the Millennium Composers Initiative. In his spare time, he is an avid film/television admirer and enjoys the occasional video game.
